As my career progresses, I think I've found more balance. Early on, I
was all career based career focused on, so if it didn't involve me progressing
in the Navy, then I kind of put it on the back burner and
I'm pretty sure I'll talk about a little bit later. But, um, I think
as time is going on and I'm getting a little older, my priorities
are kind of balancing out where I want Ah, home life as well as a an
established career. So I was privileged to have a conversation with
a senior once, and this is very recently and I would discuss retirement.
And he mentioned not being the only one at my retirement and that
kind of hit home as saying, like when you get older, you don't wanna
focus so much on your career that you alien nature of friends and
family to where you're the only one standing there at your retirement